# CS465

  This project utilizes Express HTML, JavaScrip, and Angular to make a single-page application (SPA). Express HTML and JavaScript are the foundations for our website. Angular allows the website to become a singe-page application like Netflix or gmail and makes a much more seamless and elegant user experience. To achieve this we utilized the MEAN stack.
	JSON which literally stands for Javascript Object Notation and it is a data type that is based on javascript, but it is independent from any specific programming language. JSON is considered to be a fairly lightweight format suitable for storing or transporting data. Javascript on the other hand is the backbone programming language for all web development. JSON is most commonly used to send data from a server to the client(from the back end to the front). 
	There were multiple times when making the website that I was able to reuse code. The first example that comes to mind was the add-trip component and the edit-trip component. They both do very similar things, so once the add trip component was done, a few minor tweaks were needed to utilize the majority of the add-trip code to make it ready for the edit trip component. 
	In an effort to make testing easy, our class utilized postman. This allowed us to make calls to specific routes and test to make sure they were working as intended. We can also utilize postman to add any credentials if we need to test whether or not the website’s security was working as intended. I utilized a similar program called Insomnia as well as a vscode extension for quick testing as well. 
	This course was critical in helping me reach my professional goals. This course helped me get familiar with HTML, CSS, and javascript more than I had been before. It also showed me how to actually understand and develop a full stack website. The tools we used in the class are industry standard and knowledge of those tools is valued. Another standout thing this class exposed us to was getting familiar with git. Many of my friends who didn’t go to SNHU didn’t have any git exposure whatsoever and it's probably one of the most common tools utilized in any stack. Without this class, I don’t think I would have been as comfortable applying for jobs to become a software developer.
